README.md, before:

# Slide Decks for CODECHECK

- MUNIN conference 2019 (Stephen): [slides](https://septentrio.uit.no/index.php/SCS/article/view/4910/4900), [poster](https://septentrio.uit.no/index.php/SCS/article/view/4910/4893), [video](https://mediasite.uit.no/Mediasite/Play/8027873496dc465ebc4b9b3ab0338ad01d?playFrom=1772000) (backup of slides in folder `2019-11_MUNIN`); full citation:
  > Eglen, S., & Nüst, D. (2019). CODECHECK: An open-science initiative to facilitate sharing of computer programs and results presented in scientific publications. Septentrio Conference Series, 1. [https://doi.org/10.7557/5.4910](https://doi.org/10.7557/5.4910)
- `2020-01_ms-RSE-Daniel`: short slide deck (~ 10 minutes) given by Daniel at a local RSE community meetup, download as [PDF](https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/2020-01_ms-RSE_Daniel.pdf)
- `2020-05_ReproHack`: slide deck for talk "Research compendia enable code review during peer review" (~ 15 minutes) given by Daniel at the [Remote ReproHack](https://n8cir.org.uk/events/remote-reprohack/), download as [PDF](https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/2020-05_ReproHack.pdf), view [HTML](https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/2020-05_ReproHack.html)
- `2020-09_ORWG2020`: slides for [UK Open Research Working Group](https://www.mrc-cbu.cam.ac.uk/conferences/uk-orwg2/)
  meeting. [HTML slides](https://bit.ly/eglen-orwg2) and [you tube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAzvz-ZZYuU).
- `2020-09_SpringerNature`: slides for meeting with editors. [HTML slides](https://codecheck.org.uk/slides/2020-09_SpringerNature.html), [PDF](https://codecheck.org.uk/slides/2020-09_SpringerNature.pdf)
- `2021-05_Southampton`: slides for ReproducibilityTea at Southamtpon.  [HTML slides](https://bit.ly/codecheck21)
- `2022-02-23_Toronto`: slides for [Toronto workshop on reproducibility](https://canssiontario.utoronto.ca/2022-toronto-workshop-on-reproducibility-schedule/).  [HTML slides](https://tiny.one/codecheck22).
- `2022-04_CW22`: slides for keynote at Collaborations Workshop '22. [HTML slides](https://bit.ly/cw22-keynote-daniel) (redirects to <https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/cw22-keynote-daniel-nuest.html>)
- `2022-11_GRN-Video`: slides for introduction video for the German Reproducibility Network (GRN) members list at <https://reproducibilitynetwork.de/members/>. [HTML slides](https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/codecheck-video.html)
- `2023-05_HiRSE-Talk`: slides for talk in the event series of the Helmholtz Platform for Research Software Engineering (HiRSE) [slides](https://bit.ly/hirse-codecheck)

These slides are archived regularly on Zenodo:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.3855439.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3855439)

## How to add a talk

- Create a directory `YYYY-MM_EVENT`
- If you only have a PDF, add it to the directory
- If you have sources and output files, put the sources in the directory and render the output files to the `/docs` directory; the `/docs` directory is published as a GitHub page, so you can access files directly at `https://codecheck.org.uk/slides/<FILE NAME IN DOCS DIRECTORY>`

## License

Except where otherwise noted, files in this repository are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

![CC-BY-SA 4.0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/by-sa.svg)

Commit message:

add Rbanism keynote by @nuest

README.md, after:

# Slide Decks for CODECHECK

- MUNIN conference 2019 (Stephen): [slides](https://septentrio.uit.no/index.php/SCS/article/view/4910/4900), [poster](https://septentrio.uit.no/index.php/SCS/article/view/4910/4893), [video](https://mediasite.uit.no/Mediasite/Play/8027873496dc465ebc4b9b3ab0338ad01d?playFrom=1772000) (backup of slides in folder `2019-11_MUNIN`); full citation:
  > Eglen, S., & Nüst, D. (2019). CODECHECK: An open-science initiative to facilitate sharing of computer programs and results presented in scientific publications. Septentrio Conference Series, 1. [https://doi.org/10.7557/5.4910](https://doi.org/10.7557/5.4910)
- `2020-01_ms-RSE-Daniel`: short slide deck (~ 10 minutes) given by Daniel at a local RSE community meetup, download as [PDF](https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/2020-01_ms-RSE_Daniel.pdf)
- `2020-05_ReproHack`: slide deck for talk "Research compendia enable code review during peer review" (~ 15 minutes) given by Daniel at the [Remote ReproHack](https://n8cir.org.uk/events/remote-reprohack/), download as [PDF](https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/2020-05_ReproHack.pdf), view [HTML](https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/2020-05_ReproHack.html)
- `2020-09_ORWG2020`: slides for [UK Open Research Working Group](https://www.mrc-cbu.cam.ac.uk/conferences/uk-orwg2/)
  meeting. [HTML slides](https://bit.ly/eglen-orwg2) and [you tube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAzvz-ZZYuU).
- `2020-09_SpringerNature`: slides for meeting with editors. [HTML slides](https://codecheck.org.uk/slides/2020-09_SpringerNature.html), [PDF](https://codecheck.org.uk/slides/2020-09_SpringerNature.pdf)
- `2021-05_Southampton`: slides for ReproducibilityTea at Southamtpon.  [HTML slides](https://bit.ly/codecheck21)
- `2022-02-23_Toronto`: slides for [Toronto workshop on reproducibility](https://canssiontario.utoronto.ca/2022-toronto-workshop-on-reproducibility-schedule/).  [HTML slides](https://tiny.one/codecheck22).
- `2022-04_CW22`: slides for keynote at Collaborations Workshop '22. [HTML slides](https://bit.ly/cw22-keynote-daniel) (redirects to <https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/cw22-keynote-daniel-nuest.html>)
- `2022-11_GRN-Video`: slides for introduction video for the German Reproducibility Network (GRN) members list at <https://reproducibilitynetwork.de/members/>. [HTML slides](https://codecheckers.github.io/slides/codecheck-video.html)
- `2023-04_Rbanism`: keynotw at [Rbanism](https://www.esciencecenter.nl/claudiu-forgaci/) [Repro Challenge](https://github.com/Rbanism/repro-challenge) wrap-up event. [Slides](https://bit.ly/rbanism-talk)
- `2023-05_HiRSE-Talk`: slides for talk in the event series of the Helmholtz Platform for Research Software Engineering (HiRSE). [Slides](https://bit.ly/hirse-codecheck)

These slides are archived regularly on Zenodo:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.3855439.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3855439)

## How to add a talk

- Create a directory `YYYY-MM_EVENT`
- If you only have a PDF, add it to the directory
- If you have sources and output files, put the sources in the directory and render the output files to the `/docs` directory; the `/docs` directory is published as a GitHub page, so you can access files directly at `https://codecheck.org.uk/slides/<FILE NAME IN DOCS DIRECTORY>`

## License

Except where otherwise noted, files in this repository are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

![CC-BY-SA 4.0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/by-sa.svg)
